Update release notes (#7743)
organicmaps/organicmaps: android/app/src/fdroid/play/listings/ar/release-notes.txt

• OpenStreetMap login works again!
• Better isolines elevation data for European countries
• OpenStreetMap data as of March 26
• Bookmark lists are sorted by modification time (recent at the top)
• Eye icons for visible/hidden bookmark lists

> • Add "wheelchair" to the search input to limit results to wheelchair-accessible
> • Made the "View On Map" search results button bigger and with a caption
> • Add FreeDrive screen to Android Auto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Fixed crash when importing GPX, KML, KMZ from the Files app
• Bigger "View search results on the map" button
• FreeDrive mode and faster bookmarks in Android Auto
```
